Re-worked API Routes section with more examples (#950)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/server-side-rendering.md

</html>
```

> ## `API Routes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## API Routes
```
no code formatting here

> [API Routes](https://medium.com/@rajat_m/what-are-restful-routes-and-how-to-use-them-929129ae7bf6) is a powerful feature of SSR, represented by a `.js` or `.ts` file within the `src/pages` folder. They take a [Request](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request) and return a [Response](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response), while begin able to securely execute code on the server side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An [API Route](https://medium.com/@rajat_m/what-are-restful-routes-and-how-to-use-them-929129ae7bf6) is a `.js` or `.ts` file within the `src/pages` folder that takes a [Request](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request) and returns a [Response](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response). A powerful feature of SSR, API routes are able to securely execute code on the server side.
```
Would this be correct to say? I do like the original's a clear definition of "a file here that takes this and returns this."

(And, if not, there are a couple of typos here: "API Routes is" and "begin" should be "being" ?)

### SSR and Routes

In Astro, these routes turn into server-rendered routes, allowing you to use features that were previously unavailable on the client side, or required explicit calls to a backend server and extra client code to render the results. 

> In the example below, an API Route is used to retrieve a product from a database, without having to generate a page for each of the options. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, an API route is used to retrieve a product from a database, without having to generate a page for each of the options. 
```

  });
}
```

In this example, a valid HTML code can be returned to render the whole page or some of its content.

> ### Serverless Functions

Reviewer 2: My only feedback really is calling this section "Serverless Functions". These are route handlers for non-GET requests, and they may or may not be deployed as serverless functions. If you build to Node.js for example, you would be using this in a non-serverless context.

Also, when deploying to a serverless environment like Vercel and Netlify, the entire app gets deployed as a single serverless function, so the individual API routes are not serverless functions themselves, as this section seems to imply.

> ### Serverless Functions

Author: ```suggestion
```

> While in this example, a valid HTML code can be returned to render the page or it's content, API Routes can be used as REST API Endpoints.

Reviewer: I think your intention here is to "introduce" the next section which will deal with REST API Endpoints, but I think it's cleaner to just describe each idea in its own section.

Can you combine the idea of returning a valid HTML code to render the page with the sentence above the example, or separate it out into its on sentence here?

Then, mention something about API Routes can be used as REST API endpoints *in* the section below.

> API Routes can be used to run [serverless functions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serverless_computing#Serverless_runtimes) without exposing sensitive data to the clients, such as authentications, database access, verifications, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API outes can be used to run [serverless functions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serverless_computing#Serverless_runtimes) (e.g. authentications, database access, and verifications) without exposing sensitive data to the client.
```
(Feels like client should be singular here? And, I think the list of examples reads better coming directly after the thing they are examples of.)

> API routes can be used to run [serverless functions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serverless_computing#Serverless_runtimes) (e.g. authentications, database access, and verifications) without exposing sensitive data to the client.
> 
> In the example below, an API route is used to verify Google reCaptcha v3 without exposing the site-secret to the clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to content fetching and server-side rendering, API routes can be used as REST API endpoints to run [serverless functions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serverless_computing#Serverless_runtimes) (e.g. authentications, database access, and verifications) without exposing sensitive data to the client.

In the example below, an API route is used to verify Google reCaptcha v3 without exposing the site-secret to the clients.
```
Added per @lostra01 's request, since he's not at the computer and easily able to do it right now.  😄

> In the example below, an API Route is used to verify a Google reCaptcha v3 without exposing the site-secret to the clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, an API route is used to verify Google reCaptcha v3 without exposing the site-secret to the clients.
```
I'm not *exactly* sure what the correct phrasing is here, but from reading around, it doesn't seem common to say "a Google reCaptcha" like a singular noun. Is it a "Google reCaptcha *instance*?" a "Google reCaptcha *execution*?" Does it sound correct to just say it without the "a" entirely?

Or can the sentence be reworded to something like, "See below for an example of adding Google reCaptcha v3 to your Astro site and using an API route for verifcation without exposing the site-secret to the client." ?

__pages/index.astro__

> ```jsx

Reviewer 2: can this not be set to astro?

> ```jsx

Author: ```suggestion
```astro
```

<html>
  <head>

>   <script src="https://www.google.com/recaptcha/api.js"></script>

Author: ```suggestion
      <script src="https://www.google.com/recaptcha/api.js"></script>
```

>   <script src="https://www.google.com/recaptcha/api.js"></script>

Author: ```suggestion
    <script src="https://www.google.com/recaptcha/api.js"></script>
```
